posts/about.md, before:

{
    "title": "About Me",
    "path": "about",
    "card_title": "About Me: Quang Duong",
    "card_date": "May 22, 2020 | 1:16 AM",
    "card_tags": ["about"],
    "card_class": "about",
    "summary": [
        "More in-depth bio about myself, my interests and my work history."
    ]
}

![profile pic](/static/media/profile.png)

## BIO

I'm a first year CS Ph.D student at UT Austin starting in the Fall of 2020. My
hobbies include reading anything from high fantasy to romance, belting out songs
in the shower whenever I'm fully convinced there is no one around to hear my
caterwauling, and indulging in the world's two highest forms of humor--puns and
self-deprecation. I can commonly be found ricing his Arch distro, entertaining
ridiculous research and project ideas, or redesigning this website for the
umpteenth time in procrastination of upcoming deadlines.

## INTERESTS

- Research in NLP/ML/Data Science
- Procedural Generation/Graphics
- Security and Computer Architecture

## RESUME

To be added at a later date.

Commit message:

Added CV and updated about page

posts/about.md, after:

{
    "title": "About Me",
    "path": "about",
    "card_title": "About Me: Quang Duong",
    "card_date": "October 22, 2021 | 1:16 AM",
    "card_tags": ["about"],
    "card_class": "about",
    "summary": [
        "More in-depth bio about myself, my interests, and my work history."
    ]
}

![profile pic](/static/media/profile.png)

## BIO

I'm a CS Ph.D student at UT Austin as of Fall 2020. My hobbies include reading
anything from high fantasy to romance, belting out songs in the shower whenever
I'm fully convinced there is no one around to hear my caterwauling, and
indulging in the world's two highest forms of humor--puns and self-deprecation.
I can commonly be found ricing my Arch distro, entertaining ridiculous research
and project ideas, or redesigning this website for the umpteenth time as my
tastes in aesthetics change.

Pictured on the right is my mostly black and a smidge white munchkin cat,
Chickadee.

## RESEARCH INTERESTS

- Machine Learning for Computer Architecture Prediction Tasks
- Saliency and Distillation
- NLP / AI / ML / Data Science in General

And outside of research, I generally dabble in:

- Procedural Generation / Graphics / Physical Simulation
- Security

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Viewable [here](/static/documents/quang_duong_cv.pdf). Last updated October 22, 2021.
